lightning: remove importer backend (#8421)
pingcap/docs: ecosystem-tool-user-guide.md

> **Note:**
>

> > The Loader tool is no longer maintained. For scenarios related to Loader, it is recommended that you use the `tidb` mode of TiDB Lighting instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Loader tool is no longer maintained. For scenarios related to Loader, it is recommended that you use TiDB-backend instead.
```
